[#1558] Docs for configuring https on AWS (#1653)
airyhq/airy: docs/docs/getting-started/installation/aws.md

When encountering this, you can delete some of the resources just as described
on [here](/getting-started/installation/aws#uninstall-airy-core)

## Enable HTTPS

> This section explains all the steps needed to configure HTTPS on your `Airy Core` instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section guides you through the necessary steps to configure HTTPS on your `Airy Core` instance.
```

> Create a self-signing certificate (skip step if you already have your existing https certificate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a self-signing certificate (skip step if you already have an existing HTTPS certificate).
```

> The certificates will be created in your `~/.airy/certs` directory, using the OpenSSL utility.

Reviewer: is it necessary that the certs are in `~/.airy`? I can't say from reading the doc but if it is then we have to be more explicit, if not we should make it clear it's an example

```sh
mkdir -p ~/.airy/certs/
cd ~/.airy/certs/
openssl genrsa 2048 > private.key
openssl req -new -x509 -nodes -sha1 -days 3650 -extensions v3_ca -key private.key > public.crt
-----
Country Name (2 letter code) [DE]:DE
State or Province Name (full name) [Berlin]:Berlin
Locality Name (eg, city) []:Berlin
Organization Name (eg, company) [Internet Widgits Pty Ltd]:Airy GmbH
Organizational Unit Name (eg, section) []:Development
Common Name (e.g. server FQDN or YOUR name) []:*.elb.amazonaws.com
Email Address []:sre@airy.co
```

> Note that when generating the public certificate `public.crt` you must specify a common namd of fqdn, otherwise the certificate will not be used by the AWS LoadBalancer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when generating the public certificate `public.crt` you must specify a common name of FQDN, otherwise the certificate will not be used by the AWS LoadBalancer.
```

Next you should upload your certificates to the AWS certificates manager (ACM).

```sh
aws acm import-certificate --certificate fileb://public.crt --private-key fileb://private.key --region us-east-1
```

> In case you have your own certificates and have one more file with the certificate chain, you can also specify that file as anadditional `--certificate` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you have your own certificates and have one more file with the certificate chain, you can also specify that file as additional `--certificate` value.
```

It's a little hard to understand what's that "that file" in the second sentence so maybe we should reword a little

> Get the address of your LoadBalancer, assuming that you have your `kube.conf` file in the current working directory:

Reviewer: instead of assuming where the file is we can make the example use `KUBE_CONF_DIR` before the command so it's clear

```

Modify the existing ingress service to reconfigure the AWS LoadBalancer.

```sh
kubectl --kubeconfig ./kube.conf -n kube-system annotate service traefik "service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-backend-protocol=http"
kubectl --kubeconfig ./kube.conf -n kube-system annotate service traefik "service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-ssl-cert=${lb}"
kubectl --kubeconfig ./kube.conf -n kube-system annotate service traefik "service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-ssl-ports=https"
kubectl --kubeconfig ./kube.conf -n kube-system patch service traefik --patch '{"spec": { "type": "LoadBalancer", "ports": [ { "name": "https", "port": 443, "protocol": "TCP", "targetPort": 80 } ] } }'
```

Then the frontend and the API services of `Airy Core` will be accessible through https on the URL of the loadbalancer:

```sh
kubectl --kubeconfig ./kube.conf -n kube-system get service traefik --output jsonpath='https://{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].hostname}{"\n"}'
```

## Integrate public webhooks

The public webhooks will be accessible on the public LoadBalancer which is
created by the Ingress loadBalancer Kubernetes service.

> To get the public URL of your AWS Airy Core installation, asuming that your `kube.conf` file is in the current working directory, you can run:

Reviewer: Using an ENV dir for the kube conf in the snippets, we also avoid adding this sentence before each example

done
```

> Delete all used network interfaces (iIf the command fails, please check if all the `loadbalancers` are deleted and run the previous command one more time):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete all used network interfaces (iIf the command fails, check if all the `loadbalancers` are deleted and run the previous command one more time):
```

done
```

Delete the gateways and the routes in the VPC:

```sh
for gateway in $(aws ec2 describe-internet-gateways --filters Name=attachment.vpc-id,Values=${vpc_id} --query 'InternetGateways[].InternetGatewayId' --output text)
do
    aws ec2 detach-internet-gateway --internet-gateway-id ${gateway} --vpc-id ${vpc_id}
    aws ec2 delete-internet-gateway --internet-gateway-id ${gateway}
done
```

> Delete the route tables (expect that the command will fail for the default route table, but still you shouldn't have any problem deleting the VPC in the next step):

Reviewer: `expect that the command will fail for the default route table` if it always fail we should reword like "the command will always fail for the default route table but it should still...."
